Oh
also assisting with the presentation are
Melissa Tancredi and
buried only head coach to the pic green
power green 1998 girls we just had a
fantastic cup final we ran into a better
squad today they took their chances we
created ours we just didn't finish our
girls will be proud of themselves we've
come a long way and we're gonna
represent Ontario nationals good job
girls well done I'm Dino Colarossi
cochiti u14 Burlington BayHawks played
against the pickering power green today
an awesome game both teams equally
matched through most of the first half
we we finished a couple great goals to
take our lead to nothing and I told the
girls at halftime let's let's keep
possession of the ball you know hang
onto it look for opportunities to play
forward towards yet in the game you know
we're just keeping possession and really
stalling for time and it worked in our
favor so it's a great game
you